You mentioned people can make brackets. What happens if people predict some of the wins or maybe all of the wins? Owen Moore

I like how you showed what team won in the recent seasons and gave history about March Madness. Do you know if there were any crazy bets that people made on March Madness? Zane Jasmin

Fantastic work, Jaxon.  Even though I knew just about nothing about basketball, I was able to follow all of your blog, and understand why March Madness is so important!  It flowed very naturally. I think your ELA teacher would be proud of you. 
The only part that confused me was about the brackets ... but I suppose your audience knows all about that.
I think you misuse or underuse comments in places, and have a few other grammar issues.  Please paste this into a Google Doc and run a spell and grammar check, then paste back?  For a reader, little stumbles get in the way of the flow. 
Mr. Moreinis

It's cool that the tournament gives smaller teams a chance to shine, definitely makes things more exciting! Izahbel
The all blue thing you did looks cool and makes your blog stand out, I like the placement of your table as well. Izahbel

Overall Design: 
I like the light blue  background color. It goes well with the photos. 
The blue text is hard to read against the blue background. Make it very dark: either dark blue, black, or the complementary color of blue (dark orange). 
The font colors seem inconsistent.  You have a dark blue caption for the UConn image (remember, state names are capitalized), a gray subhead for your table, and teal headings elsewhere.  It is confusing to me. 
Table: 
Looks great!  Maybe the team logos could be smaller relative to the text content? Try 100px, see what you think?
Table headings are inconsistently aligned. Make them centered? Right aligned looks weird. 
Inconsistent alignment inside table (Bill Self is right aligned)
Mr.Moreinis

I like the colors you chose for the post, it goes really well together. The table being on the side was cool as well. My only suggestion is all the underlines in the title could be toned down to make it a little less crowded. Other than that it looks great!
Zane

I think if you gave the table a thicker border it would stand out more.
Owen



